Oh, Brother Tiger, you can count
It's almost over
What's up, Lao Gao?
I heard you were beaten.
Then Binhai, who dares to touch you?
Forget it.
It's not that damn Chen Xiaodao and Wang Shaofeng, right?
Fucking Wang Shaofeng
It's always this leg that he broke
Back then, I just played with a woman
How dare you hit a snake on my leg?
And that fucking Chen Xiaodao
If he hadn't tried to protect Wang Shaofeng
How could he escape punishment?
This Chou Zhaoshang swears
I will make him repay tenfold and hundredfold
I want to sue and help me check their details.
Also include their families
Hey, where is it?
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, wait.
Hmph, I don't know if dead things are good
Then I will count
See who the person behind you is
Ok ok ok ok
It turned out to be the only old pervert among netizens
Little old man
Although you don't know me, I know you
Tell you that you have offended someone you shouldn't have offended
So today I'm going to teach you a lesson
Just the two of you
Isn't it Wang Youwei, this old pervert?